Kill Me
Keep your eyes peeled.
What is this in my hand?
goodwill
knowledgeable
Only Wang Ding can kill me
Otherwise, if you dare to move, I will follow the order
You all have to die to kill me
Don't you dare to move?
Then I'm going to let you watch your eyes today
eye
How to die Zhao Liying courting death
Yes, it is.
Come to Lao Tzu and wait for you to come once, I will die
Son, you are not impulsive
If you want to kill him, do you have to die?
Do you have the heart to let the king watch you die, son?
You forgive him
You have to spare my son, I can do anything
Ah nothing I don't want to drive
Kill you Lu Xuan, don't be impulsive
Yes, Lu Xuan
Let's take the people down today
What do you want to do?
Yes, that's right.
Don't rob
Hurry up and leave this old thing, but you have to dare to go
I will trouble Jiang Yufei
But 600,000
You have to move him, I move him
Just let me die
Here I am again
He killed me, but I should warn you
You don't have to be with me
Hahahaha
I need Wang Li